# Protocol of the DID Crypto Group Meeting on the 19.01.24

## Issues created since last meeting
https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/315

In this specific case, the check that the array is in order or to order the array is task of the implementation and not of the draft.
So that check would still need to be implemented.

https://github.com/decentralized-identity/bbs-signature/issues/316

There was some missing information from where the error came from during the call.
The issue was updated with that information after the call.

## Link Secrets

It is possible to implement Link Secrets!
There would need to be a consensus on where the Link Secret should be introduced in the VC.
Lets say VC1 has the Linking message as the first message. So VC2 must have the same message at the same place so it can correctly calculated with the random scalars.
Lets say we now have 3 VCs, where VC1 and VC2 have a matching feature and VC2 and VC3 have a matching feature.
In that case VC1 and VC2 must have their common message in the same place and VC2 and VC3 must have the common message in the same place.

The messages don't have to be revealed as they are sent encripted as part of the proof.
The Verifier must only check if the undsiclosed messages in the specified place in the different proofs are the same.

As mentioned the messages must be in the same place in the VCs to be able to be matched.
Reason for that is the random scalars that are used the mask the undisclosed messages.
As long as they are in the same place, the Link secrets will be masked with the same random scalar (given we use the coming way of calculating scalars).

Calculating the random scalars is not deterministic, so the easiest way to to generate them would be in one step.

At the moment 5 + nr of undisclosed messages random scalars are generated.
For multiple VCs to match this is one way of doing calculating scalars:
````Java
generate_random_scalars(5 + nr_undisclosed_msg_vc1 + nr_undisclosed_msg_vc2 -1)
````

The -1 is because 1 scalar is used for masking the matching message in both VCs.

After that we would need to define that the 1st Scalar is the one to be used for masking.
Then the i scalars coming after the 1st are used to mask the messages in the 1st VC and the j scalars coming after the i scalars are used for masking the second VC.
Reasoning for that is the unlikability of the different Proofs.
If the same random scalars were used for different VCs, that would lower the security.

It is also possible to this with more than 2 VCs.
In that case we need to know the total number of all undisclosed messages - the number of linking messages (VC1/2/3 have the same identifier: -1, VC1/2 same and VC2/3: -2)

We then would need to run ProofInit() for each VC that we want to show.
So we then have an array of Init_res Objects.

That array will be passed into the challange calculation, as the different VCs must have the same challange.

There various elements are serialized like this:

```Java
c_arr = (Abar, Bbar, D, T1, T2, R, i1, ..., iR,msg_i1, ..., msg_iR, domain)
```

With multiple Init_Res Objects it would look something like this:

```Java
c_arr = (Abar_1, Bbar_1, D_1, T1_1, T2_1, Abar_2, Bbar_2, D_2, T1_2, T2_2,R_1, R_2, i1_1, ..., iR_1, i1_2, ..., iR_2, msg_i1_1, ..., msg_iR_1, msg_i1_2, ..., msg_iR_2, domain_1, domain_2)
```

**It is important the the verifier calculates the same challenge**

Then finally an unlikable proof is generated for each VC.
