# Supervisor meeting on the 20.02.24

Attendees:
* Annett Laube - Supervisor
* Reto Koenig - Supervisor
* Joel Robles - me

Frau Laube will send her slides about OIDC4VC (Open Id Connect for VC not the same as Open Id Connect)

### Regarding Link Secrets:
If I were a malicous Holder which could control the result of `random_bits` and with that the result of the `random_scalars` fuction, I could mask two different messages from different VCs so that their bits are the same (as masking is just the message as scalar * the challange + a random scalar) and say that those are the same Link secret.
In that case if the Verifier only checks if the bits are the same, one could falsly claim that two VCs are connected to each other.
How to solve that?

### Points to do until the next Meeting:
* **Project management overview**: What will be done when, how long should something take, and a risk assesment for every step.
* **Project chart**: Maybe as a Gantt chart, maybe as project steps in github (if they can be exported)

### Requirements for the documentation:
* Use the Latex library from the BFH
* EN Doc
* Stakeholder oriented documentation: 3 diffent documents (Project Management, Implementation, Analysis, Maybe 3 Parts in Latex)

### What is the goal of the Thesis

1. OIDC4VC

Either use a existing implementation or implement it myself.
Then use the Libary from Project 2 to look at the message flows between the actors.
Create Attacker Models and analyse them

2. Pseusonyms

First Analyse how pseunonyms work.
Create Attacker models that could compromise BBS with the use of pseudonyms.
(If there is time, implement pseudonyms)

3. Link Secrets and Blind Signatures

Again Analyse how Link Secrets and Blind Signatures would work in BBS.
Create Attacker models that could compromise BBS with the use of Link Secrets or Blind Signatures.
(If there is time, implement Blind Sigantures and Link Secrets)


**Next Meeting 27.02.24, 13:00 Open space in SIPP, 3rd Floor**
